[Music]
ten subtle signs your house is being
watched by robbers every year there are
approximately 901 thefts per 100,000
people worldwide to avoid becoming a
statistic many people protect their
homes some choose alarms others rely on
strong doors with complex locks some go
even further by installing security
cameras LED lights smart locks and
high-tech security gadgets but even the
most observant people don't always
notice that robbers have already started
to watch their home and are waiting for
the right moment to make a move pay
attention to details that can be
connected with theft even if they seem
trivial at first sight in today's video
we've prepared a list of signs that
should help you stay alert we hope that
you'll never encounter a theft but it's
better to always be on your guard before
we get started hit the subscribe button
now you won't miss any of the important
updates coming daily from the bright
side of life now let's proceed with
number one missing garbage robbers are
attracted to a home not only because of
the owners money in jewelry very often
people throw out papers containing
important information names dates of
birth addresses passport numbers credit
card numbers and other data this data is
exactly what robbers need that's why you
should make it a rule and a habit to
always tear up papers with personal
information into small pieces before
throwing them away
in addition don't leave a box for the
garbage men that screams I bought this
super expensive stuff because I am
loaded think of a way to dispose of it
discreetly away from the prying eyes of
burglars
and if you notice somebody was rummaging
in your garbage remember that it isn't
always a homeless person searching for
food number two the disappearance of
your dog nope
your dog Oh didn't go on a midnight
stroll elope with a fellow pup or get
stolen because it's a popular breed
robbers are such heartless beings that
they'll even resort to dognapping to get
rid of your reliable fluffy dogs
guarding a house are a burden for
robbers that's why they may try to get
rid of the Guardian by drawing it
outside when the owners are not at home
after two days the robbers will come
back unafraid of being bitten by a dog
of course a missing dog doesn't go away
signify an upcoming robbery but one
shouldn't exclude this option number
three an empty gas tank is it only a
stroke of bad luck or did you forget to
refill your tank before going home to
prevent their potential victims from
coming home earlier robbers may drain
the gasoline from their car in a
worst-case scenario you won't be able to
get to a gas station which means you'll
get back home even later so if you're
sure that you had a full gas tank
yesterday and it's almost empty today
ask someone to keep an eye on your house
until you get home your car must also be
theft proof since robbers may use it to
deter you always park your car in a
well-lit area or a monitored parking lot
make sure your alarm system works before
hitting the road by doing this you are
also preventing your car from being
stolen number 4 a new janitor if you use
the services of a cleaning company and
you always see the same worker the
appearance of a new cleaner should worry
you be extra cautious if the company
itself didn't inform you of the change
in personnel the new cleaner could be a
robber who wants to inspect your home
for valuables but how did they know you
used a cleaning service it's better not
to ask them directly because it may
arouse suspicion
the best thing to do is call the company
and ask if there have been any changes
in their staff and why the previous
worker was replaced
you should also validate the identity of
the new cleaner to check if it's really
their employee number five a broken
window don't assume that wayward teens
pulled a prank on you if this
unfortunate event happens some criminals
may throw stones at a car or house
window to check if the owners are at
home and whether the alarm works if
neither the owners nor the neighbors
come outside to check on what's going on
and the police don't come either it can
help the robbers calculate the best time
for a robbery if you're at home and
someone breaks one of your windows call
the police immediately in addition I had
checking your alarm to your weekly or
monthly house maintenance to make sure
it's in perfect condition oh and be nice
to your neighbors because they may come
to your rescue when needed number six
problems with lights if you live in a
private house and there are lanterns
with motion sensors installed in your
yard
check them immediately if they appear to
be malfunctioning how can you tell if
someone has messed with your motion
sensors a slightly unscrewed light bulb
that has not burned out is a signal that
someone wants to sneak into your house
on notice it never hurts to conduct a
brief house inspection before leaving
your house especially when you're
planning a long trip you might also
consider investing in hidden outdoor
motion sensors and then installing them
in strategic places around your house
number seven ads and stickers commercial
fliers are annoying pieces of trash but
little did you know that they can be
used against you robbers mark
easily-accessible homes with the help of
commercial fliers since simple stickers
of course sometimes a flyer is just a
flyer but it's still better to get rid
of it right away
if you are leaving on vacation ask your
neighbors to take away add booklets
stickers and your mail a pile of papers
in the mailbox is an obvious sign that
the owners are not at home giving the
green light to robbers you can also put
up a home security sign even if you're
not really registered with a security
company yes we're talking about fake
home security signage it's one of the
cheapest tricks to protect your house as
it lets house breakers think you have a
security system set up we mentioned
earlier that criminals dig through your
garbage to get personal information
about you your mailbox will not be
spared either because your mail contains
information like your full name and
address crooks are getting savvy err by
selling your personal data and cloning
your identity which is known as identity
theft yep it's not only your valuables
they're after but your mail as well
number eight strange marks erase any
suspicious marks that appear on the door
of your home on garden lanterns or
simply near your home it's another
method for robbers to mark houses that
are easy to sneak into or houses whose
owners are absent it only means one
thing you are their next target
speaking of landmarks consider changing
your landscaping because it can also be
used by burglars tall trees abundant
bushes and dense shrubs can be hiding
spots into scape routes they also use
prominent landscaping materials as
markers keep your yard well manicured
especially your lawn it can be an
indicator that you haven't been in the
house for a while number 9 calls from
unknown numbers to find out what time
the owners of a home are absent robbers
call the home phone and drop a call if a
small child picks up the phone robbers
can try to get some information from
them explain to your kids that they
shouldn't say anything to strangers and
don't ignore repeatedly dropped calls
it's better to approach the police in
advance did we mention that these are
getting more techie nowadays another
rookie mistake homeowners make is
posting everything on social media
burglars can trace your whereabouts
without even visiting your house to see
if you're there or not better think
twice before posting photos of you
chilling with your family at the beach
or sharing your weekend plans on social
media number 10 a broken lock a
malfunctioning lock or scratches on a
door are signs that somebody has tried
to get into your house take action right
away call the police
change the locks for more reliable ones
like dead bolts and think about
installing an alarm you should also
check your windows and immediately
repair any broken ones robbers or
opportunists and they will do anything
to break into your house
[Music]
are you aware of any other signs of an
upcoming theft please tell us about them
in the comments don't forget to click
the like button and share this video
with everyone so they can be alerted in
advance always stay tuned and join us on
the bright side of life
you